---
layout: postLayout
title: Mini Web Notes  
excerpt: I created a secure site where users could go to jot downs ideas, thoughts and notes
---
#Mini Web Notes
<br/>

####The Start of Something New
Quite recently I had the urge to create something. I gave myself a limit of three days so as to 
complete a project in a time sensitive environment. I knew that in order to pull of this project
I had to make a plan: a visual site map is quick to make, it can be fairly detailed yet 
I kept mine simple so that it would be easy to change if need be. 

<br/>
####A Brief Overview of the End Product
To create the website I used PHP + SQL. I wanted to refine my skills in these two areas and during the
rewarding journey of creating the website, I learnt a lot of new things! It's important 
to note that the main objective was to LEARN! If I had wanted to create the most feature rich website in very little
time, I would have used a framework. 
The end product was a website where a user could login to their own webspace. Once in, they had the option of:
<br/>


####1. Jotting down any quick reminders, ideas and notes. These entries are posted after the user clicks "Submit" 
<br/>
####2. Basic SQL injection protection during the login process
<br/>
####3. A minimal and sleek display of all previous entries, sorted according to date. 
<br/>
####4. A banner displaying an active countdown to the end of the current month.  

<br/>
<br/>
####The Best Part
The best part was writing out the PHP logic and figuring out how to implement my ideas into code and in turn into 
reality! 
<br/>
{% highlight html %}

$command = "select postId from ".$table_name;
$result = mysql_query($command);
while ($data = mysql_fetch_object($result))
{
	print "<TR><TD><a href=?id=".$data->postId.">Blog ".$data->postId."</a></TD><br/>";
}
print "<br/><br/>";
mysql_close($db);
print "<div class = blog_entry>";
include("pointer.php"); 
print "</div>";

{% endhighlight %}

<br/>

I did not use a lot of CSS for the site. The reason being that this way all the focus would remain on the 
user entries.  

<br/>


  
